Add k8up support (#38)
projectsyn/component-keycloak: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

See xref:how-tos/db-tls.adoc[Encrypt database connection] to install Keycloak with encryption.

== `k8up.enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: bool
default:: `false`

> Defines whenever the k8up database schedule is enabled or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines whether the K8up database backup is enabled or not.
```

> Disabled by default.

Reviewer: This is redundant, since we give `default:: false` above

```suggestion
```

== `k8up.keepjobs`

[horizontal]
type:: int
default:: `3`

Defines how many backup jobs are kept.

> Helpful to see the state of the last jobs, but too many jobs causing overhead in terms of the metadata needs to be kept in K8s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's useful for debugging to have a few recent completed (or failed) backup jobs available in K8s.
Keeping a lot of jobs may negatively impact the K8s cluster performance however.
```

== `k8up.repo.secretName`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `k8up-repo`

> Name of the secret created in the namespace to store the K8up repository password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the secret containing the password for the K8up restic repository.
```

== `k8up.repo.password`

[horizontal]
type:: string

> default:: `?{vaultkv:${customer:name}/${cluster:name}/keycloak/k8up-repo-password}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default:: `?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/keycloak/k8up-repo-password}`
```

> Vault reference to the K8up repository password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault reference to the K8up restic repository password.
```

== `k8up.s3.secretName`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `k8up-s3-credentials`

> Name of the secret created in the namespace to store the K8up S3 connection credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the secret containing the credentials to access the S3 bucket holding the backups.
```

== `k8up.s3.bucket`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `k8up-${cluster:name}-syn-keycloak`

> Bucket name where the backups gets stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the S3 bucket where the backups gets stored.
```

== `k8up.s3.accessKey`

[horizontal]
type:: string

> default:: `?{vaultkv:${customer:name}/${cluster:name}/keycloak/k8up-s3-accesskey}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default:: `?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/keycloak/k8up-s3-accesskey}`
```

S3 access key to the bucket where the backups gets stored.

== `k8up.s3.secretKey`

[horizontal]
type:: string

> default:: `?{vaultkv:${customer:name}/${cluster:name}/keycloak/k8up-s3-secretkey}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default:: `?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/keycloak/k8up-s3-secretkey}`
```

> S3 access key to the bucket where the backups gets stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
S3 secret key to the bucket where the backups gets stored.
```
